Time for us to start moving code from our service over to the Common Service.
So let's get to it.
Inside the service, there are really two directories inside of here that we probably want to reuse
between many other services across our entire project, and that is the Air's directory and middleware.
So I want to take those two folders and move them over to the CRC directory inside of our common module.
To do so, I can either do a simple drag and drop, or I could cut and paste both of these.
I'll do a simple drag and drop.
So I'm going to drag errors over to Z.
And Middleware over to CRC as well.
Now as soon as I do so if you are still running scaffold on your machine, scaffold is going to start
to go insane because it's going to try to build all these changes.
And lo and behold, you now have a lot of missing files inside the service.
So I would encourage you to stop scaffold at this point in time.
All right.
So back inside of Cullman now we've got these two files or these two folders with a ton of files inside
them.
Now at some point in time, we're going to want to import all these files into some other module.
For example, inside of our off project, we're going to want to import specifically that bad request
error.
I'm going to open up the indexed file.
I'm going to delete everything inside of here.
And I want to just show you something that we need to keep in mind.
So inside of our auth module, we're going to eventually want to import bad request error and we need
to figure out how we want to import that.
In other words, what path do we actually want to write?
There's two ways we could do this.
We can either set everything up so that we have to write out something like import bad request error
from.
SG ticketing.
Common errors, bad request error.
That's option number one.
Or we can also set everything up so we only have to do something like bad request error from SG ticketing
common.
Those are the two options.
Now option number one up here is a lot easier to do.
We could essentially just publish our code as it stands right now and this would pretty much work.
The bad thing about this approach is that anyone who uses our common module is going to have to know
about the different directories and different files inside of our project.
So it'd be a little bit nicer for the people who are actually using our library.
They could write out a simple import statement like this right here.
So how do we enable this behavior?
How do we actually set this up?
Well, I'm going to delete all this to make sure that that is available or allow our users of our module
to do that.
We're going to import everything inside these different files and export it from the indexed file.
So it's going to be kind of a little bit of repetitive code.
We're going to have to import all these different files inside of here and then export everything we
imported.
Let me show you how we do that.
Inside of indexes.
Well, first, begin with that bad request error file.
So I'm going to write out export star from errors bad request error.
So that's going to import everything from battery to air and then immediately re export it from this
file.
So we have to write out this line right here for everything that we want to export directly out of the
indexed file.
So essentially one line for every file.
So let's get to it.
We're going to copy that line right there.
Paste it down and we're pretty much just going to go down this file list.
The next one is customer.
After that is database connection error.
Not authorized air.
Not found air.
Request validation air.
Now we'll go on to the middle.
Where directory?
So I can make sure I update the folder to middle wears and that will do current user.
Air handler.
Require off.
And validate request.
There we go.
Well, still not done just yet.
Let's try to build our project with TypeScript really quickly and we're going to see a bunch of errors
pop up.
Now, once you see these errors, just to understand what we have to do next and how we're going to
solve it.
So I'm going to go back over to my terminal.
Inside of Common.
I'm going to try to build my project directory by just running.
Tsk.
And as soon as I do so.
Yep.
A bunch of errors.
So why are we seeing this?
Well, inside of a lot of these different files, we are making assumptions about the different modules
that we have available to or are available to us inside of this package.
So, for example, inside of, say, the current user middleware, we are trying to import express and
JSON web token.
We had all these modules installed back inside of off.
So everything worked out, just A-OK over there.
But now that they are defined inside of Common, we have to actually install these modules into Common
to make these middleware actually work correctly.
So we pretty much have to go through all these files.
We have to take a look at all the imports we have and then install them into this project so we can
actually build this stuff with TypeScript.
So let's do that right away.
Back at my terminal.
We're going to do an NP install.
And we're going to get a pretty hefty list of modules here.
So we are going to get Express Express validator.
We will get cookie session.
And then Jason Webb token.
We're also going to install a couple of type definition files as well.
So we'll get at types cookie session, at types express at types JSON Web token.
And I think that's about it.
Express validator has its own included type definition file, so we do not have to install that success
or be separately.
It's.
Let's run that command.
And now if we tried to do a typescript compile or tsk.
Everything will be built successfully.
Cool.
Well, I think we are now ready to try to build this module and publish it.
So as we saw in the last video, we put together that nice little script of pub right here.
So let's run NP Run pub that's going to build our project, commit it, publish it up to 9 p.m. and
we'll be able to install it into our service and start to fix up off to use the code we have now inside
this module.
So I'll do an end run pub.
So that's going to commit our changes.
Clean build.
And push.
There we go.
All right, so that's pretty much it.
We've got our common module put together.
Now we are going to come back to the common module over time and add in a lot more code to this thing.
Specifically, we're going to add in a lot of code to the common module around handling and publishing
events through our event bus.
But right now, errors in middleware is pretty much good enough.
Well, let's take a pause right here.
When we come back, the next video, we're going to go back over to our project.
We're going to install this common module and fix up a lot of import statements inside there.